[theme] Rename fade to alpha (#22834)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/guides/migration-v4/migration-v4.md

});
```

### Styles

> - Renamed `fade` to `alpha` to better describe the functinality of the utility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Renamed `fade` to `alpha` to better describe the functionality of the utility.
```
Or "purpose"?

Author: Will make it the same as in the other PR:

> Renamed `fade` to `alpha` to better describe the it's functionality.

Author: ```suggestion
- Renamed `fade` to `alpha` to better describe the it's functionality.
```
